g'day guys today I'm going to show you
how I make onion rings now these are a
great snack and they're beautiful and
crispy and very easy to make so I'm
going to start by making the batter here
I've got a 1/2 cup of plain flour 1/4
cup of corn flour now this helps the
batter to become nice and light and
crispy and my secret ingredient
2 tablespoons of oat flour now this
gives the batter some nice body and
crunch and complements the corn flour
well so add the flour to a bowl then add
1 egg 1/2 cup of water a teaspoon of
salt and a teaspoon of sugar mix
together well until you get a nice
smooth thick batter leave this to stand
for half an hour so that oat flour can
hydrate properly and while that's
happening cut your onions into 1
centimeter thick slices and then remove
the center rings so you just have the
larger outer rings remaining so here
I've got my onion rings my batter and
some panko bread crumbs now you can use
regular bread crumbs if you like but the
panko will just make them that much
crispier so simply take the onion rings
place it in the batter
make sure all exes batter is run off and
then lightly coat in the bread crumbs
just repeat this step for all of your
onion rings and now it's time to cook
I'm shallow frying these in some oil and
what I'm doing here is just using a
piece of bread to tell when the oils
ready so when it sizzles like that it's
time to put in those onion rings now
these are very quick to cook they only
take about 30 seconds per side turning
once and when they're done carefully
remove them from the oil and place them
onto a wire rack so the excess oil can
run off and this is what you get guys
absolutely beautiful
enjoy as you can hear they're beautiful
and crispy be sure to give these ago
they are delicious thanks for watching
and I'll catch you all next time